

    Parameters

        Find best:
            Plan iterations per step (find best)
            Comm iterations per step
            Number of trials at each param config  (test)
            Comm branching factor

        Vary for experiments:
            Choice of domain
            Comm Heuristic
            Comm Cost
            Number of policies seen (varies by design)
            Generating distribution over teammate policies? (probably best for a stretch goal)


        2-3 domains
        ~6 heuristics
        3 comm costs?
        5 numbers of policies seen
        2 distributions?
    --------------
        540 combinations x 100 trials each = 54,000
        @20 minutes per trial over 100 computers -> 15 days


        2 domains
        1 underlying teammate distribution (sample from optimal; fix alpha in CRP)
        5 experience pre-trial
        1 size of coordination policy (fix)
        1 size of communication policy (fix)
        3 branching factor of comm policy
        10 comm heuristics
        3 comm costs
    ---------------------
    900

    Goals:
        Things to show:
            Fewer trials BEFORE identifying optimal joint policy
            Better performance with novel teammate policy
            Better performance WHILE gaining experience

            Comm cost suppresses comm effectiveness (duh)
            More comm iterations -> better results, but slow execution time
            More comm branching factor -> better comm strategy, but shallower or more time

            Domain plays an important role (if set up for informative observations or few optimal policies)
            Experience helps (the more, the better)
            Heuristic matters (uncertainty AND risk are at play)

        HEURISTIC: VARIANCE OF CRP DISTRIBUTION -> EASY TO UPDATE AND COMPUTE GIVEN A QUERY
        HEURISTIC: VARIANCE OF CRP DISTRIBUTION -> EASY TO UPDATE AND COMPUTE GIVEN A QUERY
        HEURISTIC: VARIANCE OF CRP DISTRIBUTION -> EASY TO UPDATE AND COMPUTE GIVEN A QUERY
            -> of policy root CRP (a global stat, not local to that state)
            -> I think maybe I mean entropy, given we're operating on a distribution.

        Given we're at I0 = {s0, M0} and evaluating at node It = {st, Mt}, there's a body of
        heuristics that leverage those four items:
            - how much knowing pi(st) affects mt (delayed benefit)
                - local info entropy
                - local value of information
            - how much knowing pi(st) affects m0 (immediate benefit)
                - immediate information entropy
                - approximate immediate value of information (how M0 changes EV with all M1+ not updated))

        Domain-specific knobs (hard to control):
            Few observations before critical choice
            No observations
            Uninformative observations until late
            New part of state space (prior experience unhelpful)


        Comm hurdles:
            Number of states with critical choices -> more = more comms (potentially, depends on num optimal policies)
            Number of optimal policies -> more = more comms


        Potential domains:
            Pursuit (boring)
            Bandits (not great)
            Soccer (hard to implement)
            Navigation/collision avoidance (common)
            Cooperative box-pushing?
            3x3 meetup
            Economic games? (like repeated prisoner's dilemma)



    Experiment design:

    0. Find good parameters.


    1. Comms > no comms, via different comm costs (limiting ability to comm via cost)
        - Easy to show. Just pick some increasing comm costs (the lines).
        - Groups: comm costs
        - Depict: box/whisker plot, with lines for non-comm comparators
        - Axes: cost x score
        - Comparators: perfect knowledge (~= free comms), no comms (~= expensive comms)

    2. Correct predictions?

    3. Steps to capture (C&R)

    4. Heuristic performance
    
    5. Comm iterations performance

    6.

